Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

1. HTTP1.1 - First version created in 1997.
2. It is slower comparatively to HTTP2.
3. It sends data one after another.
     For example, If Ashok and Ramya are friends and they have only mail communication between them.
     Ashok request Ramya to send her novel to read, Ramya decided to sent the novel in HTTP1.1 -
     she send one chapter first, after she get confirmation from ashok then only she send the next
     chapter likewise she can send one after another only.Ashok take several weeks to complete the
     nover.
4. It loads one resource after another, so that if one resource is not loaded it blocks all other
   resources.
5. To speed up the web performance, both the HTTP1.1 and HTTP2.2 compress the HTTP messages to make
   them smaller.

1.HTTP2.2 - Newer version created in 2015.
2.It is faster and more efficient than HTTP1.1 because of prioritized of the content when loading.
   - It loads the content fist what the user see immediately and which one takes less time.
   - It loads the content latter what the use can't see immediately. For example, image at the bottom page.
   - It offers the feature called weighted prioritization.This allows developers to decide what page resource will load first.
        Developer can send each data with different weight value that value tells to the user which page will render first.
        This type of data sending is called multiplexing.
3.It sends each data seperately but at the same time.Also, number the each one that is weighted
     prioritation.
        In our example scenario, Ramya numbering the each chapter like chapter1,chapter2.... and 
        send the data seperately at the same time.Here, Ashok can read the entire novel in few days.
        It loads fater than HTTP1.1.
4.It loads all the resources seperately at the parallel.So if one resuorce is not loading, it doesn't 
  affect any other resources.
5.HTTP2.2 uses the advanced compression method called HPACK. It eliminates all the redundant 
information in HTTP header packets.
